Oh
what happened yeah hmm damn man Willie
ran like three hundred feet you're
really out of shape rocky you where's
your car General Patton here had a great
strategy to leave it behind hey it were
worth at that tank hadn't shown up you
lost a cheap oh man Lopez is going to be
pissed where is it what the hell is that
thing that's the pain hey uh Krista
you'll hold the flag for a little bit
away from me fine is cheap because it
locked on target well unlock it laughs
and I unlocked it I can't church oh
right keeps you to the Jeep in I hate to
be the one to point this out guys but I
think we're screwed I have to agree with
the rookie on this one Blood Gulch
outpost number one come in Blood Gulch
outpost come yet do you read me good
sergeant oh my god sergeant is that you
Roger that kravet I am currently inbound
to your position from command sir hello
seven I hope everything is gone all
right well I've been gone actually sir
things are kind of hectic right now the
new rookie arrives and somehow he
managed to infiltrate the blue face and
now we have the flag the real heart is
damaged weather guys said and there's a
huge fucking paint about to destroy our
base I'm not talking to the right base
sorry we are going to die here for the
whole time boys I think I got a solution
to your little tank problems oh hey
caboose you might want to get out of the
tank like right now I can't figure out
how to get this thing open
okay rookie get out now ok open good
okay steal away please open the door
driver canopy hostess thank you for
using the m 80 8v main battle man that
was close look at your tank oh I'm
scared Dave right dream no no Sheila
Sheila wait who Sheila she'll is the
lady in the tank she was my friend oh
dude I knew you could pick up chicks in
the tank